
HPIView 1.9.1 - Windows HPI file viewer and extractor

This program provides an Explorer-like interface to the HPI file,
allowing you to poke around and extract or view individual files from it.

Just run HPIView.exe, select File/Open from the menu, and start browsing.
You can also specify an initial file to open on the command line.
Hint: Place a shortcut to HPIView in your WINDOWS\SendTo directory.  Then
right-click on the file, and send it to HPIView.

When you see a file you want to grab, right-click on it, and select File/Extract.

To extract all the files in the HPI file, select File/Extract All, and then
point to a directory to extract to.

To view the file without extracting it, just double-click on it, or select File/View
from the menu.

The program can view text, BMP, PCX, JPG, WAV, TNT, GAF, and SCT files.
If it doesn't know how to view the file, it will show a hex dump of it.

The GAF files in TAK will look a bit wonky because of the different palette.
I'll fix that in the next release.

If you have any comments or suggestions, let me know!

ZLib compression and decompression by Jean-loup Gailly (compression) and 
Mark Adler (decompression). 
For more info, see the zlib Home Page at http://www.cdrom.com/pub/infozip/zlib/

JPEG decoding routines by the Independent JPEG Group.
ftp://ftp.uu.net/graphics/jpeg/jpegsrc.v6b.tar.gz

Changes from 1.9
Verifies TAK format checksums
JPEGs now displayed in 24-bit color
File date now set correctly on files extracted from TAK archives
Eliminated random garbage character at end of viewed text files

Changes from 1.8
Added TAK support
Added JPEG viewing support

Changes from 1.7.1
Release source code.

Changes from 1.7
Minor bug fix.  The "View", "Extract", and "Extract All" menu options were greyed
out if you opened a file via the command line, association, or drag and drop.
This has been fixed.

Changes from 1.6
Can now view uncompressed archives

Changes from 1.5
ZLib code now statically linked - zlib.dll is not necessary
Can now view SCT files

Changes from V1.4
Added support for CCX files.
Can now open an HPI file on the command line

Changes from V1.3
Fixed problem viewing PCX files whose width was not a multiple of 4.
Can now view GAF files.

Changes from V 1.25:
Definitely fixed those pesky kernel errors that some people were getting.
Can now view text files larger than 64K

Changes from V 1.2:
I think I fixed those pesky kernel errors that some people were getting.
Can now view (slightly) larger text files.
Added a message when the excess data in a text file was truncated.
Added a "View as Text" option.

Joe D
joed@cws.org
